Question 1

Here you would need to create a line chart and place the invoice date on the x-axis and the revenue on the y-axis. In order to 
calculate the revenue, you would need to multiply Quantity by Unit Price. Once the revenue field is calculated, you can use it 
to view the trend of revenue. Please make sure to set the granularity of the data to each month and only provide data for the 
year 2011. Guidance on how to create the line chart is provided in the resources section.

Question 2

In order to attempt this question, you would need to create a side-by-side bar chart. There would be two bars for each country 
which would represent the revenue and quantity for each region. Please make sure that you add the filter to only show the top 10 
countries by revenue. You would also need to ensure that you exclude the United Kingdom from the visual. Guidance on how to create 
the side-by-side chart is provided in the resources section.

Question 3

You would need to create a column chart of a vertical bar chart where each bar would represent the revenue generated by the customers.
You would need to add a filter to only display the top 10 customers. The customers will be identified from the field "CustomerID". Make 
sure that the customers who do not have any customer IDs are excluded from the visual. Finally, sort the customers in descending order 
based on the total revenue generated. Guidance on how to create the column/vertical bar chart is provided in the resources section.

Question 4

You would need to create a map chart here as the map chart would allow the CEO to view the entire map of the world and it will highlight 
each country and show the total number of units sold or the name of the country. You would need to filter out the United Kingdom from the 
data as it is not needed in this visual. Make sure that the name of the country or the total units sold is visible for each country. Guidance 
on how to create the map chart is provided in the resources section.
